Who dares to touch Mr. Deer
Have you seen Mr. Lu?
Su-eun
So brave
You're attacking and using the guards against me
Little red leaves
Mind not talking
Who cares not to talk to you?
If you don't quit, don't do this kind of thing
Liu Zhenshou still needs to protect him
This person is my Sun family who died
Think again, sir.
Why offend the Sun family for an ordinary person?
You people are guilty of superiority
Mr. Lu is guilty
Deal with it immediately.
Compensation yes
Some things you can think about
Get out of here
roll
Your monkey guts
I cleared it for your own good
Master Xiaohou, stop it
Do you know the identity of Mr. Lu?
Humph
What is his identity
Dare to be as small as me
No children to be selfish
Be proud of where you are
And this is just the beginning.
My master is high in the temple of the gods
Sooner or later I will enter the pantheon of the gods too
These people
I have no idea what the Temple of the Gods is like
Sorry I couldn't hold back
Hahaha, they are all His Highness' brother-in-law
You are so strong
Since I sealed it
Someone who dares to be so disrespectful to me
The first is him
The second one is you.
Just courting death
You're not courting death.
Finally kill this trash
Dare to take my grandson family now
Your backer
I take off your limbs
Then slowly play you to death